Victor Mecoamere Victor Mecoamere Diepsloot has been given a massive  sporting boost through a  unique fundraiser in which Sowetan and the Aggrey Klaaste Nation Building Foundation are among the sponsoring and organising partners. Two other partners of the challenge - which supports the  Let's Play campaign - are the City of Johannesburg  and the Diepsloot Sports Forum. Diepsloot, a sprawling  residential area  northwest of Johannesburg, consists  of formal and semi-formal dwellings, which is beset by poverty, unemployment, teenage pregnancies, alcohol and other substance abuse. More than 60 business organisations and company  soccer teams took part in the yearly  Development Bank of Southern Africa (DBSA)-Enoch Kegakilwe Charity Soccer Challenge in Johannesburg last week. Honouring the  DBSA  soccer teams' leader and  committed  community-builder Enoch Kegakilwe, the tournament broadens the bank's and Sowetan's youth and community development work. It is hoped that the money raised from the tournament and the donations if cash from the different sponsors and partners will help provide equipment and facilities to nurture future soccer, netball, basketball, volleyball, aerobics, handball, athletics and cricket stars. A total of 54 men's teams, who paid R1650 each for registration and nine womans' teams, who paid R1250 each, took part in  the thrill-a-minute, five-a-side soccer matches at the John Orr Technikon soccer grounds in Milpark, Johannesburg, on June 10. It was attended by Enoch Kegakilwe's widow, dignitaries, and DBSA's spokesman Nonie Letsholo. Three winners in the men's tournament - FNB Home Loans, Alexander Forbes, OBC Chicken from  Free State and the DBSA - were given cash prizes of R12000, R5000, R4000 and R3000 respectively. In  the women's tournament, Escom and Scrubbers were given R4000 and R2000 respectively. Trophies and gold and silver medals were given to the top two women's sides. The top three men's sides were also given trophies and gold, silver and bronze medals. lSowetan and the DBSA also sponsor and organise the National Schools Essay Competition on albinism, together with the Albinism Society of South Africa and the national Health and Education departments. The contest, open to grade 11 and 12 pupils in public schools, seeks to help quash myths, rumours and superstitions related to albinism. Albinism is a  congenital skin disorder that is characterised by a lack of melanin  in the eyes, skin and hair.